test: Cypress e2e setup (#2552)
parse-community/parse-dashboard: CONTRIBUTING.md

When working on React components, use `npm run pig` and visit `localhost:4041` to view our component library and documentation (you can have both Dashboard and PIG running at once). The demos for each component are the primary way we test components, although there are also a small number of automated tests you can run with `npm test`. If you would like to create a new component that does not exist in the component library, use `npm run generate yourComponentName` to generate boilerplate code and quickly get started.

> ## Running UI Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## UI Tests
```

When working on React components, use `npm run pig` and visit `localhost:4041` to view our component library and documentation (you can have both Dashboard and PIG running at once). The demos for each component are the primary way we test components, although there are also a small number of automated tests you can run with `npm test`. If you would like to create a new component that does not exist in the component library, use `npm run generate yourComponentName` to generate boilerplate code and quickly get started.

> ## Running the e2e tests
> We actively welcome your pull requests, please make sure your change is tested and does not break existing tests.
> 
> 1. Start the dashboard with `npm run dashboard`. Make sure that dashboard server is running on port 4040.
> 2. Start Cypress Test Runner with `npm run cypress:open` or run tests once with `npm run cypress:run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running UI Tests

1. Start the dashboard with `npm run dashboard`. Make sure that dashboard server is running on port `4040`.
2. Start the UI tests in interactive mode for debugging with `npm run cypress:open`, or run the tests silently with `npm run cypress:run`.
```

> ## Pull Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pull Requests

We welcome and appreciate your contribution to Parse Dashboard. Please keep the following in mind:
```

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from the `alpha` branch.

> 2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you've modified code, add a test. If the modification involves UI changes, add a UI test.
```
